So, at the end of their active duty tour, you have a lot of options in
front of you. Number one, you can try to go back into the military
if you like the career. If you wanted to stay in the same field, then
you could. So, for instance, the aircraft mechanics. Yes, they were
fixing jets and they were working on jets. So, there aren't that many
jets that they could work on outside but Boeing is eager to hire
those people. You can see how jets and 747s kind of, are the same thing.
So, you can find something in your field. For me, personally I
didn't actually like my field completely, enough to make a full career
out of it. So, I changed. Instead of Electrician's Mate, I became
a computer scientist which is something completely different but,
all of the basic skills that I received, the math, the physics, the
thinking logically about things, they still apply to my computer science.